Yes Man follows the same basic genre comedy structure that we've seen an endless amount of times in the past few years. The main character has a big problem, they work to solve that problem, the problem is solved and happy times are had. Then another problem arises as a result to the solution to the original problem. So everyone is sad. But then that problem is solved and everyone lives happily ever after. And there's a message about how to live your life sprinkled in there. For every single comedy in the past few years with that structure, I've gotten so bored by the time it's over because I just lose interest when the drama comes in during the third act. I either don't care about the characters or I don't care about the message.Every comedy except for this one. Not only did I care about the characters so much (thanks mostly to the performances from &&&Jim Carrey$$$ and &&&Zooey Deschanel$$$ who put a beautiful, free-spirited romance at the core of this seemingly typical comedy) that I was emotionally impacted during that predictable turn for the worse near the end, but the message of the film was actually something that I found relatable to my own life which is something I've never experience during these kind of comedies. I'm definitely a man who doesn't really live his life (as cheesy as that sounds) because I isolate myself by making excuses to just be alone and not be with anyone. As a result, I was definitely more invested in this film than I have been with other comedies of the same vein.Add to all this the fact that it's completely hilarious throughout to the point where I have no hesitation in calling it the funniest movie of the year and easily the best straight comedy (not that there have been many good ones; three by my count). Plus, of course, &&&Zooey Deschanel$$$ is absolutely infectious in every moment she's on screen (especially her lovely singing). I love her more than air, and this is just another example of why that love is justified. Call it fanboyism if you must, but she's my #2 of the year in supporting actress right now falling second only to the Cruz. In summation, do yourself a favor and say yes to this great comedy.I'm so sorry, I had to say it.